README.md, before:

## Project Files

### Project_1_Bare_Metal_C_Project 
This is the bare-metal C project that was accomplished using the NXP KL25Z microcontroller. A clean and well-structured embedded C code was written by following the coding standard provided by the Electrical Engineering Department of the University of Colorado Boulder.

### Project_2_Unit_Tests_Project
The objective of sharing this project is to present the unit test implementation for a program written in embedded C programming language complied using the GCC along with ```-Wall``` and ```-Werror``` flags to consider every warning as an error. It is always recommended to eliminate all possible warnings before program compilation and running a program. And an easy way to achieve this is to always consider warnings as errors by using the ```-Werror``` flag while compilation.

> [!NOTE]
> These projects are the demonstration of how I write Embedded C programs for development and testing. However, there are other projects where I have developed a more complex code using finite state machines (FSM), APIs, data structures, and algorithms.

Commit message:

Update README with more details.md

README.md, after:

## Project Files

### Project_1_Bare_Metal_C_Project 
This bare-metal C project was accomplished using the NXP KL25Z microcontroller. A clean and well-structured embedded C code was written by following the coding standard provided by the Electrical Engineering Department of the University of Colorado Boulder. The NXP MCUXpresso IDE was used to program the microcontroller for this project.

### Project_2_Unit_Tests_Project
The objective of sharing this project is to present the unit test implementation for a program written in C programming language complied using the GCC along with ```-Wall``` and ```-Werror``` flags to consider every warning as an error. It is always recommended to eliminate all possible warnings before program compilation and running. And an easy way to achieve this is to always consider warnings as errors by using the ```-Werror``` flag while compilation.

> [!NOTE]
> These projects demonstrate how I write Embedded C programs for development and testing by following a particular coding standard. However, there are different types of coding standards that are followed in industries. Moreover, I have experience in developing more complex code using finite state machines (FSM), APIs, data structures, and algorithms.
> Short project reports containing the details of both projects are included in their respective folders.
